- Synced and corrected by Firefly -
- www.addic7ed.com -
_
Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
Hiya.
Helen! Please!
Please feel free to turn the lights on
when you arrive in the morning.
The day I become a member
of the custodial union,
I certainly will, Dale.
That is not one of the rules.
Now I can see what I'm doing here.
- Hi, Ralph.
- Good morning, Helen.
Oh, the morning
announcements are just...
we're just chock full of 'em.
And we can't be late like yesterday.
Check this one out.
"Don't eat the broccoli in the cafeteria
or you'll get birth
defects." Helen, what is this?
Food services couldn't get in the door,
so they left everything
for the whole week
on the front lawn, and
then the landscapers came
and blasted the whole
thing with Roundup.
So the broccoli got the brunt of it
because it's in bags with holes.
Well, Helen, just tell them
to throw the broccoli out.
What if the announcement
is, "Don't eat broccoli
out of the trash, now more than ever?"
- Make it sound positive.
- Okay.
Speaking of announcements,
you got 28 minutes, kid.
Oh, gosh.
- Hi.
- Happy hump day, Jack.
- All right.
- Or, for my dogs, that's every day.
It can mean just about
anything to them, you know?
Hello, good-bye, I like your style.
- Oh.
- Hey, you're in my yard.
- Get out of here.
- Yeah.
You know, I'm gonna kill you someday.
Oh, I'm gonna kill you first.
- No, really, you drive me nuts.
- Let's do it. You wanna go?
- Guy... guys, let's...
- Yeah.
- Sorry.
- We got in trouble.
- Okay.
Listen, Jack, I would
love to stay and chat,
but these next 28 minutes
decide whether we grab
the ram by the horns or
whether the rams kinda grab us.
Well, the hooves...
I guess it'd be a hug.
Ram hug. Don't wanna get hugged.
- That fell apart.
- Hey, early bird. What you need?
Well, I'm just here early
doing a little research for
- my new book about Toledo's working class.
- Mm-hmm.
I was down in the
cafeteria observing Ronda
and the lunch ladies
as they cheerfully made
- about 200 breakfast burritos.
- Mmm.
And then she was mixing up
about three vats of what she
- was calling fiesta tots.
- Mmm.
So, anyway, I just
need to type up my notes
and I was hoping to do
that in my massage chair.
And you have that, so, uh, give me it.
Cricket nipples.
- I gave it to Lynette in accounts payable.
- Oh.
Because I read that if
you sit on a yoga ball...
- Uh-huh.
- It really strengthens your groin.
- Does it?
- So you don't have a dumpy groin.
- Ah.
- And who wants a dumpy groin?
So, sorry, where is...
where is accounts payable?
I'd like to go see this Lynette.
Oh, it's that way. Left, two rights.
- Left and two rights.
- Yeah. Okay.
- Hi.
- Hi, Sarika.
Here are all the violations
I witnessed so far today.
Well, you'd better tell them to me.
- Dale was ten minutes late this morning.
- Oh, my God.
Travis Hexter put the
school up for sale on eBay.
- It's at $300.
- That's pretty good.
Anyway, back to this roofing debacle.
The guy shows up, he's a half hour late.
He comes in Mr. Fancy
carrying a coffee like he has
not a care in the world. I...
Hi, is this accounts payable?
I was wondering if I
could ask you to part ways
- with that chair because...
- No, no.
I run the school's social media.
Lynette's payroll.
Anyway, my husband says to the guy,
"How much to get the
whole roof reshingled?"
The guy says, "Eight thou."
He says, "Eight thou? Fat chance."
Hello.
Hi, I'm Jack.
I hate to tell you this,
but you're sitting on a chair
that I technically bought so, you know,
bottom line is, that's my chair.
It's weird to say it's yours
just because you bought it.
Do you know what I mean?
I bought that chipmunk,
but he doesn't belong to me.
He belongs to the world.
Actually, yes, you're
making a very valid
philosophical point. No
one really owns anything.
Nice, nice.
- It was Jack, right?
- Yeah.
Yeah, I was named after my grandfather.
"My grandfather," very formal.
I think I see what's going on here.
You grew up around
horses, didn't you, Jack?
Which was nice because Mommy and Daddy
wouldn't give you a little brother.
After high school, you ran off to Egypt.
That is, until Daddy said
it's time to come home.
He pulled strings to
get you into Kent State,
a nice little place where you
pledged Beta and played soccer.
But that was too big a pond
for this fish, wasn't it?
So you came crawling back
home to breed your pit bulls
and blow your family's
fortune on online poker.
None of that is right.
Yeah.
But can you imagine if it was?
One, two, three, four!
♪ Next time, I'll listen to my heart ♪
♪ Next time, well, I'll be smart ♪
_
He was peeing in the pool,
- and he wasn't even swimming in it.
- Oy.
Thank you, Sarika. Dave,
have you lost weight?
I keep telling you, I have a parasite.
Oh.
Don't write that down.
Helen, my office is freezing.
The radiator isn't hissing
like it usually does.
- I'm on it, Ralph.
- Okay.
Oh, Coach, thank you for
jumping in last minute
- for that crossing guard.
- No problem.
It's a real shame about Eugene.
- If I had my way, no one would ever die.
- I hear you,
although I do worry
that the overpopulation
would lead to people eatin' each other.
- True.
- Right.
Oh, I didn't realize
there were readin' glasses
in the pocket here. These
must have been Eugene's.
- Oh.
- Yeah, should we, uh...
Well, I'm sure his family would want me
to just pitch those.
Anything else in the pockets? Nothin'.
Nothin', really, nope.
Oh, pardon me. Comin' out.
Faculty comin' out. Move way.
Oh, here come the hornies.
Mm, that's...
What's going on? Why are you early?
Well, I... I, uh, I
spent the morning studying
Ronda and the lunch gals,
and then I went to get
my massage chair from this payroll lady,
but she refused and did this sort of
verbal jiu-jitsu thing on me.
I couldn't tell what was
a joke and what wasn't.
There was just something about her.
Um, are you about to sing?
No, no, uh, I'm never
about to sing, Anthony.
Murph... Murphy and
Nagel. Yeah, that's it.
"The Myth of Ownership."
Yeah, I... I just figured
out what she was quoting.
I shall have my chair. I shall have
it by the time school starts.
_
Perfect.
♪ For if I did, I know I wouldn't stay ♪
♪ I just can't make my
heart find someone new... ♪
No.
Welcome to the meat locker.
Hey, Victor, look up.
Okay, Ralph,
this guy's gonna get
the heating working ASAP.
All right.
A...
Okay, here's something sad.
Somebody put a hamster
in the vending machine,
and it's stuck in G9.
He's $2, Ralph.
- He's $2, Ralph.
- All right, here.
- Oh.
- There you go.
Oh, they tallied the students' votes
for the new football stadium name.
Oh, what name won?
It's a write-in.
It's Boner Palace.
- Hi, Ralph.
- Hey.
So I have to admit, it was very hard
to sum up 94 years of a man's life,
but I think I have a pretty solid eulogy
- for our crossing guard.
- Ooh.
You still want this on the
morning announcements, right?
Absolutely. I loved Eu... Eugene.
Wow, uh, this is...
This is really long.
Um, anything you can
cut out of this, maybe?
And quickly, if possible.
Well, I guess we could skip the part
- about his marital affairs.
- Mmm.
Although that's my favorite section.
Mm, you know what...
Oh, hey, Mary?
I see you're on the phone there.
I just wanted to say that I
got $10 of my own money here.
I really didn't even
need to interrupt ya.
There's no headline
here. This is my money.
Hey, uh, Mary, do you know a
Lynette that works in payro...
Oh, I'm sorry, you're on the phone.
That begs the question,
why were you talking to her?
Hey, I got ten of my own dollars here.
What's with the third degree?
Okay.
I says, "When do you think
the roof will be done?"
He says, "In the summer."
I says, "Like hell."
I got a lot of things to do.
Murphy and Nagel.
Touché, touché. Yeah, yeah.
I forgot about Murphy and Nagel's
"The Myth of Ownership."
- My chair, please.
- What's happening?
Well, uh, what we were
talking about before.
You know how you were saying, like,
that nobody really owns anything.
I realized you were
quoting Murphy and Nagel.
Yeah, were you a philosophy major?
I did not give my money
to one of those places.
Did you really go to
school for four years
to learn something that
is kind of common sense?
I... I did, yeah.
Nine years, actually.
Love that.
So you got the other
type of doctor title.
- I did, yeah.
- Thank you.
Uh, yeah, which is why I also know about
Robert Nozick's rebuttal
to Murphy and Nagel.
Not sure if you're familiar
with a little book called
"What's Mine is Mine."
Are we not...
_
Okay, okay, okay, okay.
I think in order to get
my, uh, massage chair
back from this Lynette,
I'm gonna need to know
everything about her.
I just can't figure
out how someone like her
could be a payroll employee
in Toledo, you know.
You know what, Sarika, I
bet you've got some intel
on Lynette in that good old
snitch notebook of yours, hmm?
Lynette Marie Hofstadter.
Drives a very large Buick
that takes up two spaces.
Takes frequent smoke breaks which,
although not against a
rule, are immoral because
she's not smoking.
It's an empty vape pen.
Yo, she's actually out there right now.
- For real?
- For real.
Where, where, where, where, where?
Ooh, she is. Yep, checkmate.
Okay, um, I'm gonna go
get my chair right now.
Uh, Marcus, Anthony,
um, you guys distract her
if she tries to come back in, okay?
Let's go. Come on.
Let's go. Come on, come on.
What's up, man?
Come on. Can we... can we do this?
You're gonna have to adjust to my pace.
So slow.
Okay.
Oh!
Ah!
If you're looking for any feedback,
it is plenty warm.
Ralph, I thought you should
know that the algebra teachers
are having a huge argument on the lawn.
Ken was like, "You still owe me $200."
And Vivek was like, "Well, how
about you take this instead?"
And he grabbed her right by the groin
and he's twisting, and there's F-bombs
- just raining down.
- Hit them with the sprinklers.
Call Vivek's wife.
Tell her to bring $200.
Tell her to come immediately.
Come on, baby. Come on!
- Your cousin again?
- Yeah.
We fight a lot, but,
at the end of the day,
it's okay 'cause we
really do hate each other.
Mm-hmm, yeah.
You know, speaking of hate,
did you see those two dudes
fighting out front? I
love a morning skirmish.
Punching somebody with a
belly full of scrambled eggs?
Mary, Mary?
May I please have a moment, please?
Oh, sure, Coach.
Let's see.
Gross.
Hazelnut? Just...
Oh, no. Oh, it's so wet.
Okay.
You got this. Okay.
Face. She got a neck,
- old neck, saggy neck, okay.
- What's up, Coach?
Mary, I told you that
this $10 bill was my own,
but that was a gol dang it lie.
If I told you every gol dang
it lie that I tell in a day,
girl, you would call the police.
Mary, I stole this from Eugene.
Eugene who...
- Passed away of old age, yeah.
- Yeah.
Him. This is a dead man's ten.
I am a liar and a thief
- and it's killing me.
- Coach, it's fine.
Dead people don't shop.
Just, uh, go get yourself
a breakfast sandwich
- or some waffles.
- How about a burrito?
- Sure.
- 'Cause I'd prefer a burrito.
Yeah, okay, very cool. Very cool, man.
- Okay.
- All right, there you go.
Right, not supposed to have tortillas,
but I think I can make an exception.
So the roofing guy's looking
at me, and I'm looking at him.
My husband looks at me,
but I'm still looking at the other guy.
You got all three of us in
some kind of messed up...
Oh!
And I can tell you...
_
We are locked in a battle of wits
with a worthy opponent.
That girl you have a crush on?
I'm an adult, Marcus.
I don't get crushes.
No, I... but I have come
up with a fairly genius plan
to get my chair back.
Now, follow me here.
It involves capturing a
deer, pref... preferably one
with a broken leg,
otherwise we're gonna have
- to break it.
- I'll do it!
- You'll break the deer's leg?
- Yeah.
Okay, great.
So we know that Lynette locks
the chair when she goes out
for a fake smoke, but,
uh, I think if she hears
an injured, braying deer
in the hall, she might...
If I can bray convincingly,
can we not have Grace
break the deer's leg?
Yeah, fine. Let's hear it.
We have our deer.
Get the hell out of here!
Girl, I think I might
be Coach's only friend.
I'm like, "I didn't sign up for that."
No.
This is rough.
Stef, look at this.
The assignment was to create
a photorealistic portrait
of your grandmother,
not draw a circle with a dang
Panera French loaf on top.
You know what? That...
that is just mean.
Okay?
Because I think this... this
is very good, if you ask me,
okay, very, very good.
I mean, to... to me, if you
were to say to m... to ask me
if this was very, very good,
this is... you know, so...
I drew this, okay,
because I spit your nasty-ass coffee
all over Jason's grandma.
And you know I'm not a good droor.
Do you mean drawer?
Well, it's spelled
like a dr... a drawer.
I... I say droor.
D... droor? Draw-were?
Anyways, I mean, what are we
gonna tell poor little Jason?
This is a very good plan, and I...
and I think it could work.
A lot of it does ride on
whether Ronda the lunch lady
can do an Australian accent,
but I... I bet she can do it.
- Uh...
- Yep.
Crikey, mate, I'll take a crack at it.
Solid. That's very, very good.
But, if you're doing that,
who's gonna pop out
of the Amazon box, you know what I mean?
I think we got something here. I do.
You guys ready? All right.
Here we go.
Ralph, the hamster,
we got him out from G9,
but he tumbled down
to H16, so he's $4 now.
- Damn it.
- I'll... I'll get it.
Michelle, do you have something nice
and short for me?
"Hey, that crossing guard is dead.
He was a proud vet who killed
a lot of Japanese people
and cheated on his wife.
But today let us think of
Eugene in his orange vest
watching over all of us,
watching everything we do."
Oh, what have I become?
I believe there's an
injured deer in the hall.
Well, according to state, the fire...
That sounded great, dude.
Now he's here on Tuesday.
Well, Tuesday's the day
they do street sweeping.
- Leverage.
- So I says to the roofing guy, Bruce,
"You gotta move your truck or
it's gonna get towed"
He says, "My name's not Bruce."
I says, "Who the hell are
you, been on my roof all day?"
Hey, there.
This is your teacher's chair so...
Oh, wow.
Hey.
Oh my God, I did it.
I found the Toledo Strangler.
Yeah, no, this... that's funny.
Um, this is actually all 100% biology,
and it's not a crazy
plan to get my chair back.
Although it does say right there,
"Get my chair back from Lynette."
Do you think you're the only
Lynette in this whole school
that has a chair that I want?
My mistake.
Just gonna grab this.
That's mine.
Thanks, yep.
You got it.
Wipe out.
Non-athlete, do you want this burrito?
Sure.
It belongs to a dead man.
The curse is yours now.
I am so sick and tired of
you guys spitting coffee
on each other's artwork.
'Cause this sweet nugget
of a boy does not deserve
to have coffee spat on his art.
The madness has got to stop.
Look at this sweet little egg.
I mean, who would wanna hurt
these sweet baby egg cheeks?
- Who would do that?
Oh, time to ring the bell. Toot, toot.
Oh, time to ring the biz-ell.
♪ I don't believe I'll
fall in love today ♪
Hey, hey, Lynette.
Uh, I...
I have a really embarrassing confession.
- I stole your chipmunk.
- Oh, my God.
And I'm sorry. And here you go.
Yeah, I have a confession to make too.
I stole your wallet off your desk.
- Oh.
- You know what?
- You keep the chipmunk.
- Really?
Yeah.
I'll figure out a way to get him back.
You know what? Keep my wallet.
Yeah, I'll figure out
a way... actually, no.
Uh, no, I... I need that back.
- That's... that's got my money in it.
- That's fair.
Ten seconds.
All right, give me a tight,
short eulogy, Michelle.
Uh, Eugene cheated on his wife and died.
Nailed. It.
Five, four...
Oh, jeez, the east
bathroom's flooding big time.
The east... are you... flooding?
- Three, two, one.
- Hello, faculty and students.
I'm Principal Durbin,
and these are your
morning announcements.
Let's grab today by the horns
and make this a wonderful
Whitlock Wednesday.
We got lots, we got lots,
we got lots of tater tots.
- Synced and corrected by Firefly -
- www.addic7ed.com -
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from OpenSubtitles.org